
作者iamchahsuan (Alicia)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才]全球最大IC設計*徵Sr.Wi-Fi SW客服工程師時間Sun Oct 11 23:45:10 2015
公司：全球最大IC Design House
     （Recruit Express代美商徵才）

地點：台北市內湖區瑞光路

月薪：100Ｋ起（薪優）

＃工作內容
- As a Computing Customer Engineer, this role must be responsible for accounts to ensure WLAN and/or Bluetooth solution successfully on module maker, SI and OEM/ODM.
- This role establishes the person as the technical expert for specific products and the relevant domain.
- Must have high technical competence and be able to provide in-depth technical responses to CPM, Sales, Marketing and Customers.
- Will work very closely with engineering and program management from project start through mass production.
- Will also be involved in working with customer's developing team, AE/FAE or third party partners.
- This position is based in Taipei and will require domestic travel and some international travel

＃應徵條件（必備!!）
1.  Bachelor degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline or 3+ years equivalent experience. Advanced degrees are a plus
2.  3+ years of experience on developing software/applications and/or customer support in networking solutions
3.  Good command in English speaking, reading, writing and listening
4.  Good knowledge and experience with Windows software developing on C/C++ programming and debugging
5.  Familiar with Windows networking applications and device driver developing/sustaining
6.  Ability to react to customer needs coupled with superior problem solving and debugging capabilities
7.  Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
8.  Great Team player with communication skills.
9.  Must be self-motivated with good communication skills and an investigative spirit.
10. Ability to rapidly learn multiple areas.

＃加分條件
1. Experience on Windows WLAN/BT solution developing or supporting
2. Experience on supporting semiconductor solutions is highly desired
3. Able to implement/maintain Windows GUI/Utility/SDK/Supplicant/installer bases on design specification
4. Familiar with Wifi MLME
5. Familiar with Windows NDIS/WDI device driver architecture
6. Familiar with 802.11 protocols
7. Familiar with Wi-Fi security
8. Familiar with Wi-Fi P2P
9. Familiar with Miracast

應徵請寄中英文履歷到【alicia@recruitexpress.com.tw】
標題註明應徵職務，並附上聯絡電話。

