
作者ababybee (鋼鐵泡泡)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] EPOS Taiwan recruitment時間Mon Feb  1 11:20:50 2016
公司簡介：
EPOS成立於2009年，致力於提供中小型企業完善有效率的資訊技術整合方案，是新加坡前
三大的POS系統開發商。在新加坡政府的中小企業補助方案中，EPOS是其中少數政府認可的POS
方案提供者，服務的產業類別超過60餘種，是一個具有成熟技術研發能力可支持高度彈性客
製化產品的團隊。

因應產業變化與需求，EPOS以POS系統出發，衍伸開發各種型態的加值整合方案，如雲端
POS系統，Kiosk自助收銀, 網路商店平台整合，會計作帳系統等。為中小企業打造高效率與
智慧化的營運管理環境。


徵求職位：Python 全端工程師

工作內容：
  1.POS系統軟體開發與整合
  2.Web應用開發

工作待遇： 50K*14個月(畢業生程度)，有經驗者另議。

工作性質：全職

上班地點：在家工作，台北辦公室預計2016年6月成立

出差外派：胡志明與新加坡各約一個月

上班時段：日班

休假制度：依公司規定

工作經驗：不拘
學歷要求：不拘
語文條件：英文聽說讀寫中等

擅長工具：PythonCompany Overview:

聯絡人 韓小姐 ruth@epos.com.sg

EPOS, founded in 2009, is a leading software developer dedicating to provide
SMEs the comprehensive and efficient IT solutions. We are one of the top three POS
companies in Singapore and the certificated POS seller for all kinds of Singapore
government grant.

Our products have been used in over 60 different kinds of industries,
including major Singapore government agencies and MNCs. We have an active and strong team capable for
flexible customisation requirements and handling of major projects (e.g. major clients
will have 2030 outlets, with more than 40 systems). Our clients include Citibank and LVMH.
We are a onestop technology provider for SMEs and aim to provide seamless wellintegrated
software for SMEs. We aim to support our clients from their initial creation
as a small company and purchase of their first POS and website to their eventual growth into
large companies.


EPOS IT Solutions for SMEs include:

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system
Point of Sale systems (retail and F&B)
Online store that is integrated with ERP and POS
Selfservice kiosks and terminals
Tablet ordering systems (mainly F&B)
Accounting system
Email marketing system with advanced machine learning and recommendation system.
Advanced analytics and machine learning
Gamification and recommendation systems


EPOS currently supplies POS systems and Technology solutions to Singapore,
Malaysia and Brunei.

EPOS currently has sales office in Singapore and development office in
Vietnam. The company is looking to develop a new software development HQ in Taipei, with
expectations to build up to a team of 15 developers by Q4 2016.

We are looking for driven, talented and responsible developers who we can
nurture into the future leaders and managers of our Taiwan office. Our company policy is to
promote internally as much as possible. Our current managers have all been promoted internally
from within the company.

At EPOS, it is possible to very quickly achieve a leadership
position with excellent work performance.

Based on POS systems, we built various of integrated solutions such as
cloudbase system,selfservice kiosk, ecommerce platform, and accounting software to enhance SMEs daily
operation and to help them with a highly efficient and intelligent management
system.


