
作者a0952864901 (fish)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] L1 Field Support Engineer (PT)時間Wed May 27 20:21:11 2015
第一次在板上發文,若有沒注意到的地方請見諒
今天有收到杜拜一家SI急徵現場Part Time Support的工程師
內容大概是:
條件 - 能用英文溝通/電腦技能..會用Remote軟體&安裝系統
工作內容 - 1. 5/28 10:30 到新竹某家公司做Knowledge Transfer
           2. 到另一家公司perform KT的東西&協助安排L2 Support Remote
Pay - 1.前兩個小時45USD,後面每一個小時17USD

原文如下(有刪掉一些敏感資訊):
10:30am  28th may.

Location
Hsinchu, Taiwan

Compensation
The rate will be 45 USD in total for first two hours, and 17 USD for every
additional hour. This rate is inclusive of everything.

Payment terms
You will invoice us at the end of each month and  will be paid within 45 days
from the date of invoicing by bank wire transfer.

Nature of Tasks
The scope of work is end-user support, with remote assistance provided by our
own team and our client’s Level 2 remote team. The tasks might be like
fixing a printer, installing Windows on a laptop, etc. For each task,
engineer will usually receive a day’s notice. In very rare cases, the
engineer might need to go to the site on the same day we receive it.

Please note that this client is AXX (the semiconductor manufacturer). Due to
the high-end nature of the client, we will need a Criminal Record check and
photo ID of the engineers who work on this. In addition to this, the
engineers will also need to fill out some forms and paperwork for AMD if
their name gets finalized.

Next Step
We need your confirmation that you are available to perform the tasks. You
will need to later provide your Background Check documents within 10 days of
confirming your willingness to work. If you have shared these documents with
GTC already, there is no need to submit them again. We will also conduct a
fully paid site induction visit before the tasks begin to get you familiar
with the whole process.

Note: The engineer must be fluent in English and the local language.

Training
For all of the tasks we have prepared training material and procedures. Once
you are enrolled in our system we will provide you online training on your
preferred schedule to ensure that you will be ready for general tasks when
needed.

How to Apply
Please email your CV (English, Word Format) to "Quratulain Akbar"
(qurat.ul.ain@gtc247.com) with your "name" and "city and country" information
in the subject heading of your email.

I am looking forward to hearing from you.

International Technical Recruiter