
作者a654 (奇想)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] 外商SQA Engineer,APP manager時間Thu Aug 23 23:41:25 2012
【公司名稱 】Pentasia Recruitment  代徵
IT service company

【公司介紹】我們的客人是國外的軟體/網站開發及營運公司 ,因業務擴展

現於內湖增設以下職位

QA Engineer

Mandatory skills and experience:
‧ Hands on Experience Functional Testing Automation Tools
‧ Excellent knowledge of testing application principles, practices, tool and
procedures
‧ Hands on Experience in Systems and User Test Case Specifications
Documentation and Scripting Design, as well as Business and Systems Process
and Data Analysis
‧ Experience using automated test tools for testing of performance and
application capacity (e.g Loadrunner / QA Load)
‧ Strong and consistent record of academic achievement.

Desirable skills and experience:
‧ Experience in Test Management Tools ie Quality Centre (Test Director)
‧ Relevant technical background in web technologies or background in
business analysis.
‧ Experience using web based bug tracking tools such as JIRA and Bugzilla
‧ Previous experience in working for an Online Gaming company

一定要會的 web application scrum, agile

QA Manager

http://www.pentasia.com/vacancies/detail.asp?jid=6587

一定要會的 web application scrum, agile

NOC Manager

http://www.pentasia.com/vacancies/detail.asp?jid=6586

Application Manager

Application manager will be responsible for the design, delivery, support and
Improvement of the application delivery environments, including user facing
websites, core system services, APIs, and bespoke software.

Responsibilities



You will be managing the availability and operations. For example, deploying
website, web application. Coordinate and supervise application support,
tracking of bugs. Liaise with offshore Development and QA team.

You will be managing application teams.( Application Delivery, Application
Support and DBA)

Planing and participate in projects.
You will be working with Project Managers with project framework to achieve
goals.
Design and implement strategic plans to ensure infrastructure capacity meets
existing and future requirements. Report activities to the IT Operations and
Infrastructure Director.


Requirements:

Strong background in IIS, .NET, PHP,
Demonstrable experience in SQL and MySQL
Experience in ITIL

Experience in ITIL
Knowledge of development tools e.g. JIRA, Visual Studio and Bugzilla
Deep understaning and experience of web hosting and server environments






【工作時間】
９～１８

【工作地點】
內湖

【薪資待遇】
1800~2000 USD/month - QA Engineer (職員級

Negotiable - QA Manager - (管 QA Engineer

Negotiable - Application Manager

Negotiable - NOC Manager

Negotiable = 最低 3000 USD 但看相關經驗 (4000 USD/ month 也有機會

基本上 Manager 的客戶沒有訂明薪水.只要你有很好的經驗,(I-Gaming相關的

絕對可以更多,當然也要你現在薪水不低就是了

Manager 的英文要好,會有英語跟其他主管對話的機會

外商的要求其實我真的很清楚

1.相關經驗

2.英文.

等等我也可以發篇文講一下好了..


【聯絡方式】
angus.che@pentasia.com

履歷表請用英文,特別是Manager 的職位是一定要有英文

如果不確定夠不夠好可以寄來angus.che@pentasia.com

可是內容要注明是讓我幫你先檢查 (鄉民服務 我公司沒在做這個的

請加上你的ＳＫＹＰＥ帳號，因為總公司在馬尼拉，和人事部的約談很有可能在ＳＫＹＰ
Ｅ

想看清楚公司的生意內容請在這版搜我的ID 我有很詳細的介紹這行業

