
作者smdmaps (kai)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] UT Health Houston 徵博後時間Thu Mar 17 03:37:23 2016
Job Opportunity- Postdoc- UTHealth McGovern Medical School at Houston
Postdoctoral Research Fellow Opening

A postdoctoral position (PhD, MD, or MD/PhD) in cancer/stem cell research is a
vailable in the laboratory of Dr. Dung-Fang Lee, Assistant Professor and CPRIT
 scholar in cancer research at the Department of Integrative Biology and Pharm
acology, University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth). Our
laboratory focuses on applying pluripotent stem cells (PSCs; e.g., patient-der
ived iPSCs) as disease model systems to identify fundamental mechanisms underl
ying the early stage of cancer development and develop potential new pharmaceu
tical therapies. The potential candidates are expected to have experience on t
issue culture, standard and advanced molecular biology techniques (DNAs, RNAs
and proteins) and animals (mouse) handling. Successful candidates will learn h
ESC and iPSC culture, TALEN/CRISPR genome editing and tissue differentiation t
echniques, and systems approaches to understand the pathological mechanisms of
 familial cancer syndromes such as Li-Fraumeni Syndrome. Successful candidates
 will routinely participate in lab/department meetings to develop all research
 techniques and data analysis. Interested applicants should send your CV inclu
ding research experiences and list of publications, a cover letter stating you
r research interests and professional goals, the contact information for three
 (3) references and the expected available date to Dung-Fang.Lee@uth.tmc.edu.
Please indicate “postdoc application” in the subject title. More information
 can be found in lab web page: https://med.uth.edu/ibp/faculty/dung-fang-lee/
UTHealth is an EEO/AA employer. UTHealth does not discriminate on the basis of
 race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics,
 disability, age, or any other basis prohibited by law. EOE/M/F/Disabled/Vet.

