
作者huy (apple)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才]新加坡LARC林一平老師誠徵研究員與工程師時間Wed Aug 19 21:49:33 2015
代PO


RESEARCH OPENINGS @ Living Analytics Research Centre
www.larc.smu.edu.sg

[公司簡介]
Living Analytics Research Centre (LARC) is an innovative research centre
funded by the National Research Foundation of Singapore to create new solution
and analytics techniques to address societal scale social computing problems.
These problems are characterized by data inspired applications and rich social
and urban science backgrounds.


[需求條件]
The Living Analytics Research Centre is hiring for the following positions:
(a) Research Scientists
(b) Post-Doctoral Research Fellows, and
(c) Research Engineers

Research Scientist and Post-Doctoral Research Fellow candidates must have
completed all requirements for the PhD degree by the time of appointment.
Candidates must have prior research and project expertise relevant to one or
more aspects of LARC work. We welcome applications from those who have recently
completed a PhD, as well as from PhD degree holders who have been working for
several years. We expect the research scientist and post-doctoral research
fellow to be familiar with (a) data mining, (b) machine learning, (c) human
computer interaction, (d) natural language processing, and/or (d) database
systems.

Research Engineer candidates must have completed an undergraduate or master's
degree in a relevant area to support software and system development, and
technical testbed construction. An appropriate background may include computer
science, computer engineering, and information systems and technology. This may
also include other types of degree programs with a strong computational
component, or programs with an emphasis on creating experimental systems.
Candidates with prior project experience in industry or in R&D labs are
especially encouraged to apply.

For all of these LARC related R&D areas, applicants should have interest in
innovation, large-scale R&D projects, working in project teams, and with doing
applied R&D that leads to society/industry application and impact.


[薪資範圍]
The salary for these positions will be based on the candidate’s relevant
experience and qualifications.  For reference purpose only, the salary ranges
of positions (a)-(c) are listed below:
  * Research scientist/post-doctoral research fellow: NTD 120K to 150K/month
  * Research engineer: NTD 68.7K to 103.5K/month

In additional, up to two months bonus may be given out annually based on good
performance.

[工作地點]
School of Information Systems, Singapore Management University,
80 Stamford Road, 178902, Singapore


[聯絡方式]
To apply, please send your CVs to Professor LIM Ee-Peng at eplim@smu.edu.sg
(Co-Director, Living Analytics Research Centre).


