
作者arashi233 (arashi233)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] 外商 Regional IT Specialist時間Wed Apr  1 23:46:41 2015
[徵才] 知名外商資產管理公司Regional information technology specialist

【公司名稱】
Robert Walters 代外商徵
官方網站：http://www.robertwalters.com.tw/

【工作職缺】
Regional information technology specialist

【工作內容】
1. Provide an excellent level of IT support to onsite, remote and
   travelling users.
2. Ensure that solutions comply with global standards.
3. Maintain Disaster Recovery environment for each business unit.
4. Attain sufficient knowledge of the in-house and third party
   applications, in order to quickly identify and organize a solution for any
   related problem.
5. Manage or assist with any IT related project as required.
6. Escalate problems to vendors and in-house experts when required.
7. Ensure open issues are passed to appropriate staff at the end of
   each shift.
8. Provide regular status reports to management.
9. Ensure documentation is kept up-to-date and accurate.
10.Ensure that all helpdesk calls and service requests are logged,
   processed and monitored according to company procedures and within SLA.

【徵求條件】

· Professional Qualities:
   o  Excellent technical problem-solving and analytical ability.
   o  A service orientated business facing approach.
   o  The ability to deal with business users at all levels.
   o  A proven track record managing their own project life cycles.
   o  The ability to work independently.
   o  The ability to coordinate others globally to accomplish overall
      corporate goals.
   o  Excellent written and verbal skills in English and local language.
· Primary Technical Skills:
   o  At least five years’ experience directly supporting users in a
      financial institution.
   o  Knowledge of market data infrastructure and applications, including
      Bloomberg and Factset.
   o  A technical understanding of Windows XP Professional, Window 7,
      Office 2007/10 and Windows server operating systems to MCSE level.
   o  Have the ability to write and modify scripts.
   o  A firm understanding of LAN\WAN technologies, a solid understanding
      of TCP/IP networking.
   o  The skills to provide broadband and VPN troubleshooting.
   o  The ability to support personal organizers such as BlackBerry, iPad,
      iPhone devices.
   o  An excellent understanding of Windows and UNIX connectivity software
      such as Citrix, Rumba and Exceed.
· Qualifications:
   o  Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.
   o  Current Microsoft Certified Software Engineer (MCSE)
      accreditation..(optional)

【工作地點】台北市信義區

【工作時間】週一