
作者Aizan (turning point)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] 美商徵新竹軟體工程師時間Wed Jul 29 17:14:20 2015

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
‧Creates and fosters strong customer relationships through the Local
  TACOPS Center interface.
‧Provides support to customer/users where the product is highly technical
  or sophisticated in nature.
‧Serves as an accomplished professional who applies, analyzes and
  interprets a variety of standard theories, concepts, methods, and techniques
  to a wide range of product issues.
‧Provides general technical support and generates product performance data
  information for field engineers, local technical support engineers, and
  customers to aid in diagnosis, troubleshooting, and maintenance.
‧Analyzes product performance trends at each level to identify process
  improvements, training opportunities, and service event planning
  opportunities.
‧Drives field service actions using product performance data analysis.
‧Collects data and provides comprehensive proposals to improve field
  product HW/SW design, reliability, service procedures, service documents,
  service processes and overall maintenance efficiency.
‧Creates, measures, and presents product performance metrics to internal,
  external customers and executive management.
‧Develops, maintains, and improves processes, tools and reports as needed.
‧Performs other duties as assigned.


QUALIFICATIONS
‧Ability to translate, statistically analyze data, and effectively report
  problems through written and/or graphical formats.
‧Excellent customer service skills, with an advanced understanding of
  customer relationship building.
‧Ability to use MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and electronic e-mail systems.
  System performance related data analysis and applied technical problem
  solving skills are essential to define problems, collect data, establish
  facts, and draw valid conclusions.
‧Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in
  mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete
  variables.
‧Must have a combination of significant strengths in electronics, data
  mining, data presentation, and DUV laser product performance analysis.
‧Applies thorough knowledge of design methodologies. Basic knowledge in
  utilizing design engineering tools including the capability of statistically
  analyzing data, reporting and presenting it in graphical formats (trend
  charts, CpK, Control Charts, Gauge R&R Studies).
‧Requires advanced experience using the following software packages: MS
  Office Suite, MS Project, Agile, Business Objects, POD, Internet Protocol,
  and Computer Networking.   Matlab, LabView, Java, JMP, SQL, Python, Visual
  Basic programming knowledge is desired but not required.
‧Must have significant experience contributing to the successful completion
  of customer support projects.
‧Excellent organizational, reasoning, planning, prioritizing and
  problem-solving skills.
‧Good meeting practices (proper attendance, agendas, start/stop times,
  minutes, actions, follow-through).
‧Must be able to successfully meet customer site access requirements such
  as:background checks, safety training, and cleanroom access (gowning and
  breathing apparatus).
‧Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
‧Ability to translate, statistically analyze data, and effectively report
  problems through written and/or graphical formats.
‧Excellent customer service skills, with an advanced understanding of
  customer relationship building.
‧Ability to use MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and electronic e-mail systems.

JOB COMPLEXITY
Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data
requires a review of a variety of factors.  Exercises judgment within
pre-defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds
productive internal/external working relationships.

INDEPENDENCE
Incumbents are still directed in several aspects of their work.  However more
routine and straightforward tasks are accomplished without assistance.


SKILLS/EXPERIENCE

. Strong competence with the various tools, procedures, programming languages
  used to accomplish the job. Minimum of 3 years of experience is
  required.
‧BS degree in computer engineering, infomatic analytics or other
  engineering disciplines are preferred, with a minimum of 3 years’
  experience in a related semiconductor equipment discipline, or
  equivalent experience in diagnosing and troubleshooting and/or
  customer service on electronic systems.
‧Applied technical support/field service experience in semiconductor
  photolithography/semiconductor fab environment is highly desired
‧General proficiency with tools, systems, and procedures required to
  accomplish the job.  May need to consult with higher level staff members on
  some technical issues. Minimum of two (2) years of experience is required.
‧The employee is occasionally required to move around the campus.
‧Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color
  vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
‧May require travel dependent on company needs.
‧The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 lbs.
‧Can work under deadlines.
‧The environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.
‧Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
‧Must be able to observe and respond to people and situations and interact
  with others encountered in the course of work.
‧Must be able to learn and apply new information or skills.

working time: 09:00 - 18:00

Compensation: NT$55,000 - 70,000 depends on candidate's experiences.

Benefit:

Group insurance
value $4000 medical checkup
welfare committee activities (outing, tea time, year end party etc)
better off annual leave programs
festival cash gifts
indoor car parking at office building


Should you feel confident to take this challenge, you are more than
welcome to send your resume to lois.huang@asml.com.


