
作者playhard (ya)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] 德商捷孚凱徵Research Associate時間Sun May 17 20:22:00 2015

Background

GfK Boutique Research is a fast growing independent research provider
servicing decision makers in the technology sector. It belongs to the
German-based GfK Group which is a €1+ billion company with 10,000+ employees
in more than 100 countries; GfK is the world’s largest provider of
point-of-sale data and has extensive proprietary data operations.
GfK Boutique offers a rich career path and a range of opportunities for
successful performers by joining a small and growth-focused team. The 10+
nationalities represented in our offices in the USA, the UK, France and Hong
Kong make working for GfK Boutique a very international experience in a
dynamic environment.

GfK Boutique Value Proposition

GfK Boutique Research delivers timely, primary and actionable solutions to
decision makers in the consumer technology sectors to help them anticipate
and monitor major developments. Its extensive sector coverage supports
component suppliers, branded vendors, channel players and investors globally.
Its services answer current key questions such as (i) What’s the outlook for
Samsung? (ii) How much will cheap Notebook hurt tablet? (iii) how are the
smartwatches going to change the tech market?
The team built its success by analysing GfK’s unique extensive dataset,
monitoring events in the technology sector (e.g. product launches, earnings
reports) and forecasting future trends. Via its Opinion Leader Surveys the
team creates its own proprietary data that further enhance the analysts’
 ability to anticipate coming developments.
GfK Boutique Research is rapidly growing and offers a professional and
flexible working environment where new employees can quickly make an impact.
As a team player you will also benefit from extensive exposure to decision
makers in technology.

Role

The role of this assignment consists of covering one or various
companies/sectors and producing conclusive and actionable research for supply
chain manufacturers. The combination of proprietary GfK data and our analysis
of it can help clients answer important questions that virtually nobody
without our data, resources, expertise, insight, initiative and creativity
can answer.

Key Role Mandate:

- Client service: support senior analysts in queries and client briefings
- GfK data handling and analysis
- External information gathering and documentation
- Create timely, primary and incremental research on the sector under coverage
- Build deep industry knowledge

Requirements

This is an equally challenging and rewarding assignment.  The successful
candidate will be comfortable focusing on specific topics, generating ideas
for the on-going reports and adapting his/her research based on
clients/prospects’ questions. The assignment requires top-rate analysis
skills, intellectual rigor as well as self-motivation. We value ingenuity,
simplicity, and dedication to the achievement of team objectives.

Key competencies

- Strong analytical and modeling skills
- Team player and strong communication skills
- Attention to details, high quality on data handling and information
collection
- High interests on consumer technology
- Fluent in English (both written and spoken) and at least one other Asian
Languages (Mandarin, Korean or Japanese)

What We Offer

- Competitive Salary starts at NT$50,000+ per month, depending on experience
- Yearly compensation offered based on performance

Contacts: sean.weng@gfk.com


