
作者jennyslike (JTC)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] 美商高通誠徵RF軟體工程師(約聘)時間Thu May  1 03:38:51 2014

【公司名稱】

  Qualcomm Communication Technologies Ltd.


【工作職缺】

  Software RF Drivers - Embedded Software Engineer (約聘)


【工作內容】

  QCTs ASICs provide integrated solutions for mobile phone products
  worldwide. Customer engineering supports customers with all aspects
  of embedded software and systems development. This includes assisting
  OEMs with designs, providing training, debugging, assistance in
  optimizing and integrating software. It exposes the candidate to
  the key players in the wireless industry worldwide and places him
  or her right in the heart of the dynamism of 3G wireless deployment.

  This position is responsible for LTE/UMTS/GSM RF Drivers for our family
  of MSM/RF chipsets. The role requires interfacing with handset developers,
  base-station partners and wireless carriers worldwide.
  Training, assisting customers with software design, integration,
  development, system debugging, handling customer Q&A, and interfacing
  closely with internal developers are some of the key activities in this
  position.

  Some travel for on-site customer support may be required.


【徵求條件】

  This is a very challenging position that requires the candidate to
  learn and internalize QCT software and operation concepts very quickly.
  The candidate will support a wide range of software discussions, ranging
  from low level embedded software to high-level carrier features.

  Key skills include:
  - Strong software debugging skills on embedded real time operating systems
  - Strong experience in C/C++ programming, systems knowledge or
    background applicable to RF
  - Software device RF driver development experience, RF calibration
    experience, RF testing experience
  - Demonstrated expertise with RF Test equipment (LTE/UMTS/GSM Test call
    boxes, spectrum analyzer, Oscilloscope, etc.)
  - The candidate is expected to have strong communication and interpersonal
    skills, high motivation, the ability to learn quickly, and must be a
    self-starter.
  - This candidate will be responsible for driving OEM designs and the
    integration of system level components into customer handset designs.


【工作地點】

  台北市信義區


【月休】

  週休二日


【薪資範圍】

  六萬以上 (依求職者的經驗/專業能力核薪)


【需求人數】

  1人


【注意事項】

  此為約聘職缺，前一位同事轉為正職，故原約聘職位須重新找人。


【聯絡方式】

  Jenny Chen jtc@qti.qualcomm.com


