
作者GeorgeToad (博班加油啦)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] ScienceLogic 軟體工程師時間Sat Sep  5 11:59:49 2015

 [徵才] ScienceLogic 工程師 (120k/月)

【公司名稱】ScienceLogic, Inc.
【公司網址】www.sciencelogic.com
【工作職缺】Technical Support Engineer / Professional Services Engineer
【徵求條件】

Technical Support Engineer
1.  Strong English
2.  A bachelor degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent work
    experience
3.  Strong support, deployment and/or administration experience for
    enterprise software solutions
4.  System administration/support experience in Windows and Unix environments
    with an emphasis on Linux
5.  Configuration and troubleshooting SNMP based Network/Systems Management
    platforms
6.  MySQL Database knowledge is recommended
7.  Knowledge of scripting, PHP and/or Python is a plus
8.  Solid understanding of TCP/IP networking
9.  Handling customer cases via phone and email systems; on-site experience a
    plus

Professional Services Engineer
1.  Strong English

2.  A bachelor degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent work
    experience

3.  Proven experience with implementation of enterprise level network
    management or security products or similar projects

4.  Thorough understanding of IT infrastructure, application, and enterprise
    infrastructure best practices

5.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills

6.  5+ years experience supporting/using enterprise class infrastructure
    monitoring platforms

7.  5+ years Linux operating system experience

8.  3+ years MySQL Database experience

9.  3+ years of experience with Cisco network equipment to include solid
    understanding of L2 and L3 layers

10. 3+ years of experience with SNMP and vendor MIB architecture and how to
    query for status

11. 3+ years of experience configuring SNMP trap alerts based on requirements

12. Strong knowledge of WMI, XML, SOAP, PHP and/or Python

13. Proficient in Linux scripting

14. Have exceptional troubleshooting and customer-handling skills

15. Be a self-starter

【工作地點】
Technical Support Engineer: 上手以前在內湖, 上手以後在你家
Professional Services Engineer: 上手以前在內湖, 上手以後在你家

【工作時間】
Technical Support Engineer
兩種, 都是上四天休息三天
1.  週日至週三 早上 8 點至下午 7 點，含午休12點至1點1小時
2.  週三至週六 早上 8 點至下午 7 點，含午休12點至1點1小時

Professional Services Engineer
周一至周五 早上9點至下午6點半，含午休12點至1點半1.5小時

【工作內容】
Technical Support Engineer
1.  Provide technical support to ScienceLogic customers by answering
    telephone calls and replying to emails in line with departmental measures,
    with a focus on high quality, accuracy and customer satisfaction

2.  Document and record all activity and communication with customers over
    telephone and email according to departmental standards of quality

3.  Record all activity in the department’s ticketing system, updating cases
    at least every 3 days in order that progress can be tracked with each
    customer's incident, viewed via the customer portal.

4.  Meet or exceed departmental goals for Case Management, Phone and Email
    response times, and Customer Satisfaction scores

5.  Review cases for technical complexity and make recommendations to team
    members with regards escalation according to departmental Best Practice

6.  Use and create knowledgebase articles based on new product information,
    support incidents, and/or common or critical issues

7.  Adhere to ScienceLogic Support Services best practices

8.  Participate in departmental projects

9.  Actively participate in team and departmental meetings by providing
    feedback on current day to day activity and recommendations for improvement

10. Perform hands-on installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of
    ScienceLogic appliances as they relate to the ScienceLogic suite of
    products
11. Expect approximately 20-40% travel for on-site work with customers and
    partners

Professional Services Engineer
1.  Perform hands-on installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of
    ScienceLogic appliances as they relate to the ScienceLogic suite of
    products.
2.  Act as the internal customer advocate for problem resolution, new product
    features, and future product direction

3.  Flexible and willing to learn new technologies and applications

4.  Record all activity in the department’s ticketing system

5.  Use and create knowledgebase articles based on new product information,
    field incidents, and/or common or critical issues

6.  Adhere to ScienceLogic Professional Services best practices

7.  Participate in departmental projects

8.  Self-motivated and able to work independently on multiple
    engagements/projects

9.  Ability to maintain a positive and cooperative attitude in sometimes
    stressful situations

10. Strong project management skills with the ability to prioritize competing
    project timelines

11. Creative person who looks for new and innovative ways to resolve problems

12. Effective team player willing to assist others when needed

13. Expect over 70% travel for on-site work with customers and partners

【公司福利】
Technical Support Engineer
1.  台灣國定假日, 國定假日坐落在周休則轉成特休
2.  周休四五六 或是 日一二 (看是上哪一班)
3.  特休十天

Professional Services Engineer
1.  台灣國定假日, 國定假日坐落在周休則轉成特休
2.  周休六日
3.  特休十天

【薪資範圍】
Technical Support Engineer
年薪 4 萬美金

Professional Services Engineer
年薪 4.8 萬美金

【需求人數】
Technical Support Engineer 2人
Professional Services Engineer 1人

【聯絡人/連絡方式】
請將英語履歷寄到 Henry Hsiao <hhsiao@sciencelogic.com>

【其他備註】
外商公司不會怕給薪水, 只要表現良好調薪是一定會的.  因為95% 的客戶都只會說英文
, 所以英文溝通能力必須要非常流暢.

