
作者Patrick0329 (Roy)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] 立可人事代徵 EDA.IC design SW Engineer時間Mon Jan 14 22:46:40 2013

【公司名稱】新加坡商立可人事顧問有限公司(台灣分公司)

1.EDA產業

【工作職缺】 Intern RD

【工作內容&需求】

Position Descript:
Work closely with foundry, R&D to deliver the following works:
1.Develop Process Design Kit (PDK) with  methodologies and
technologies into foundries’ process technologies to benefit mutual
customers.
2.Be a on-site PDK QA owner of Cadence IC61 PDK methodologies.
3.Build communication with foundries and solve PDK QA issues.

Position Requirements:
1. Perl, Unix shell
2. website maintenance experience
3. Virtuoso and layout experience will be better
4.Be responsible for skill, script and website writing.
5.Will be a key contributor to customer’s success.

【工作地點】新竹市

【工作時間】: 9:00 ~ 18:00 / 週休二日

【薪資範圍】: 月薪 4.5~5.5 萬 依經歷面議

備註: 此職缺公司會以儲備人選培育,初期會先約聘一年
      如果夠優秀會轉正職，可接受無經驗者,但須熟悉程式語言及VLSI


2.IC Design產業


【工作職缺】 Senior System Engineer

【工作內容&需求】

ESCRIPTION OF FUNCTION & RESPONSIBILITY:

- Chip bring-up, system performance (throughput) tuning
- MDK script development and co-work with ART team to come out ART solution
- Co-work with SW team to come out driver solution
- Platform issue debug (nice to have)
- customer support about system solution and performance (throughput,
sensitivity, EVM, mask)
- Support RMA analysis

The job description:

EDUCATION:
Master or PHD degree in Electrical Engineering or Communications Systems

EXPERIENCE:
- At least 2 year experience in WiFi communications system engineer
(WiFi chip bring up, system parameter (registers) optimization, performance
tuning)
- Good knowledge in communication system
- Good attitude and capability to customer support
- Excellent team player, communication, and interpersonal skills
- Strong analytical and problem solving skills
- Ability to work independently with minimal supervision
- Component in English

【工作地點】新竹市

【工作時間】: 9:00 ~ 18:00 / 週休二日

【薪資範圍】: 1.5M內,依經歷面議

備註: 須具備系統Tuning及RF背景



【工作職缺】 SW RF Drivers - Embedded Software Engineer

【工作內容&需求】

Job Function:
provide integrated solutions for mobile phone products worldwide.
Customer engineering supports
customers with all aspects of embedded software and systems development. This
includes assisting OEMs with designs, providing training, debugging,
assistance in optimizing and integrating software. It exposes the candidate
to the key players in the wireless industry worldwide and places him or her
right in the heart of the dynamism of 3G wireless deployment.

This position is responsible for UMTS/GSM RF Drivers for our family of MSM/RF
chipsets. The role requires interfacing with handset developers, base-station
partners and wireless carriers worldwide. Training, assisting customers with
software design, integration, development, system debugging, handling
customer Q&A, and interfacing closely with internal developers are some of
the key activities in this position.

Skills/Experience
Strong software debugging skills on embedded real time operating systems

Strong experience in C/C++ programming, systems knowledge or background
applicable to RF

Software device RF driver development experience, RF testing experience

Demonstrated expertise with RF Test equipment (1x/UMTS/GSM Test call
boxes, spectrum analyzer, Oscilloscope, etc.)

【工作地點】台北市信義區

【工作時間】: 9:00 ~ 18:00 / 週休二日

【薪資範圍】: 1M內,依經歷面議



【工作職缺】 Bluetooth/WiFi SW Engineer

【工作內容&需求】

Job description:

1. Provide technical support (including on-site) to key customers R&D team as
the first line contact window to solve issues.
2. Able to quickly and efficiently find out the root cause of technical
issues and feedback to worldwide R&D team for problem solving.
3. Make application notes and presentations for new technology/solution
introduction to external/internal customers.

Requirement:

1. Minimum 2 years work experience in engineering field
2. Familiar with C/C++ or JAVA language, Android programming.
3. Mobile phone industry work experience preferred.
4. Familiar with Bluetooth/WiFi protocol stack is a plus

【工作地點】台北市內湖區

【工作時間】: 9:00 ~ 18:00 / 週休二日

【薪資範圍】:1M內,依經歷面議

備註:需兩年以上工作經驗，能寫code。過去有接觸過Bluetooth, wifi或STB相關



【聯絡人/連絡方式】

履歷表請寄至:roy@recruitexpress.com.tw

TEL: 02-87806811 Roy 簡先生


【其他備註】

1.需可配合至台北市信義區立可人事面試
2.年關將至，不管在職與否覺條件基本吻合 歡迎致電及投遞履歷




