
作者arashi233 (arashi233)看板Tech_Job標題[徵才] 外商Solution Engineer時間Wed Aug  5 22:51:08 2015
【公司名稱】
Robert Walters 代外商徵
官方網站：http://www.robertwalters.com.tw/

【工作職缺】
Solution Engineer

【工作內容】
1.      Identify and develop & champion business cases for new solutions /
enhancements that improve the customer experience and drive business value.
2.      Create merchandising, cross-sell, upsell, checkout, and post-transactional
consumer experiences that increase conversion rates and average order values.
3.      Lead cross-functional teams to define site experience, product and process
requirements.
4.      Manage site optimization roadmap and prioritize new site/product features,
enhancements and bug fixes.
5.      Collaborate with the design, marketing and engineering teams to create
compelling merchandising, checkout and post-transactional experiences.
6.      Apply analytical expertise in evaluating the performance of the customer
experience;
7.      Drive A/B testing to continually optimize the site experience.
8.      Actively partner with internal marketing to develop features that drive
customer acquisition, engagement and satisfaction. Work with operations team
to ensure fulfillment and processing capabilities are meeting customer needs.
9.      Deliver brand promise through all customer touch-points.
【徵求條件】
1.      At least 3 years experience in IT solution or Business analysis in
Ecommerce area
2.      Proven track record of measureable business results
3.      Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience required; advanced degree welcome
4.      Leadership with the ability to influence
5.      Willing and excited to work in a fast-paced, but sometimes intense,
rapidly expanding Company
6.      Enthusiasm, idealism, creativity, dedication and an open mind
7.      Demonstrated ability to assume sole and independent responsibility for
various projects
8.      Success at innovating in a fast paced, very dynamic environment
9.      Ability to work collaboratively to get results
10.     Strong problem solving, analytical, and quantitative skills
11.     Work experience with a proven record of translating business and/or
client needs into user requirements
12.     Effective verbal and written communication skills with diverse audiences
13.     Experience with at least one software development life-cycle and
associated processes
【工作地點】台北市信義區

【工作時間】週一