
作者coolfish1208 ()看板Tech_Job標題[情報] 敏捷式管理(Agile)免費研討會時間Sat Jun  6 01:19:22 2015
主辦單位: https://www.facebook.com/AgileBrewery
報名網址: http://goo.gl/u549m4
活動地點: 市長官邸藝文沙龍 - 台北市中正區徐州路46號
活動日期: 2015/6/30 (二)
活動簡介:
本活動中將由通騰科技 TomTom 以及 Rally 公司，分享他們在專案中
導入Agile 的實作經驗。

在軟體開發中最實際、也最被重視的內容之一是「產出」。那該如何在
Agile process執行過程中確保有效率的產出？甚至，改善「產能」？
大家是否想過、或是遇過相同的問題？來來來，照過來，快報名本次活
動，來聽聽通騰科技資深副總 Hans Schaminee 先生的經驗談，也歡迎
大家提出困擾已久的問題，與更多人一起參與討論！

另外，Rally 亞太區資深技術顧問 SinFatt Choong 先生，將以別開生
面的 open space 方式，讓與會的朋友們能有更充份的交流！保證會讓
各位朋友耳目一新，敬請期待！

演說內容會依講者背景和演說主題以英文或中文呈現，本次活動完全免費。
座位有限敬請把握機會，千萬不要錯過！

活動流程:

19.00 - 20.00
Han Schaminee
Senior Vice President of TomTom's Connected Navigation Product Unit

主題: 如何透過 Agile process 獲得更有效率的產出

20.00-22.00
SinFatt Choong
Rally Software 亞太區擔任資深技術顧問

開放空間 - 活動讓大家提出問題，交流想法

公司背景:

TomTom 通騰科技提供最佳的車隊管理解決方案，擁有先進的行動定位服務，
為導航產品及提供地圖資料之領導品牌，目前更跨足生產穿戴式裝置，擁有
GPS運動手錶等產品。TomTom 在1991年成立於荷蘭，目前全球有大約 4170名
員工。

Rally Software 成立於2001年，針對 Agile 開發管理提供一套雲端解決方
案。主要服務項目包括應用生命週期管理和專案組合管理的平台及產品，Agile
諮詢服務，Agile 訓練認證課程，以及其他 Agile 和 Lean 實作相關訓練課程。
Rally致力於協助企業加速其步調，持續學習和提升，以及更成功地套用敏捷管理

Event Location: 46 Xuzhou Road, Zhongzheng District, Taipei City

Event Description:

In this Agile Brewery event we’ll have TomTom and Rally to share
their experiences.

We encourage you to ask weird, cool and smart questions, so that
everybody leaves the event with some new thoughts. Perhaps you will
inspire somebody to speak at the next Agile Brewery.
The speeches are in English and Chinese. There is no entrance fee.
For the early birds there is dinner.

Event Rundown:

19.00 - 20.00
Han Schaminee
Senior Vice President of TomTom's Connected Navigation Product Unit

Agile is about people. This is an idea easily ignored in Taiwan culture.
When people talk about agile, people are talking about a process and a
project management method. But the truth is that Agile is more about a
mindset and a culture. Han will share his ideas on why he thinks Agile
is about people and talk more about what senior management should do
differently to improve productivity of their people.

Topic: What senior management should do differently to improve productivity

20.00-22.00
SinFatt Choong
Senior Technical Consultant with Rally Software Asia

Activity: Open Space - a marketplace for people to raise questions and
share ideas.

Company background:

TomTom is best known for being a global leader in navigation and mapping
products, TomTom also creates GPS sports watches, as well as
state-of-the-art fleet management solutions and industry-leading
location-based products. It was founded in The Netherlands in 1991 and
it has over 4170 employees worldwide.

Rally Software, founded in 2001, provides cloud-based solutions for
managing Agile software development. Rally’s offerings include Application
Lifecycle Management (ALM) and Project Portfolio Management (PPM)
platform and products, Agile consulting services, courses through Agile
University, and training courses focused on Agile and Lean practices.
Rally is dedicated to make companies to go faster, leaner and more Agile.

