
作者JessicaWu (再見，醉生夢死的2014)看板Tech_Job標題[情報] 2015 Dow Chemical Taiwan Commercial DP時間Wed Apr  1 15:55:09 2015
2015 Dow Chemical Taiwan Commercial Development Program (CDP)

WHAT IS DOW CDP?
CDP is a 12 months rotational assignment experiences that commercial junior
talent to become sales account manager. The target participants are fresh
graduate. Skill development and corporate orientation are combined to
maximize career potential. During the program, participants assume sales and
marketing responsibilities on project assignments exploring growth
opportunities for Dow businesses. Other projects familiarize new employees
with the resources they will eventually be managing on behalf of their
customers. There are opportunities to attend workshops and seminars designed
to build account management capabilities. Individuals in the CDP also network
with experienced Dow colleagues and build mentoring relationships. During the
program participants are assessed on their sales and marketing knowledge as
well as interpersonal and potential leadership skills.


MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
‧Collect, understand and analyze customer needs, communicate with Technical
Marketing for best product/solution offering
‧Demand forecast tracking and update
‧Projects follow up for customer sampling, testing and qualification status
‧Work cross-functionally with Customer Service Representatives, Technical
Service to ensure customer satisfaction
‧Marketing intelligence collection & Reporting


MAJOR ON-THE JOB CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT
‧Develop and build upon existing relationship with internal and external
customers and influencers to achieve target results.
‧Learn to use account planning tools, sales methodologies and skills, and
electronic technology to develop and implement Account Plans to achieve
results with assigned customers.
‧Understand the quantitative and qualitative criteria for acquiring a new
to Dow customer, and the required criteria to support a current customer
being retained.
‧Develop the understanding of customer needs, as well as the needs of the
customer’s customers through their sales and marketing groups, and works
towards meeting the needs
‧Develop the understanding of competitors and customer’s competitors
‧Develop the understanding of the key influence factors on market and
technical trends
‧With coaching from the supervisor, implement action plans within the
guidelines of the business unit strategy
‧Develop he capabilities to understand & to capture the big picture based
on the foundation of the details and formulate the tactical plan and the
strategy for short/mid/long term growth needs
‧Overview of all Dow Business, culture and processes


ROLE (JOB) SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS
‧ Target: Fresh graduate
‧ Bachelor degree and above, major in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering,
Materials Science or related engineering field
‧ Driver license required in Taiwan
‧ Good computer skills in Microsoft Word/Excel/Power Point
‧ Good communication/interpersonal skills in both English and Chinese
‧ Ability to work well independently and as part of a team
‧ Ability to exercise flexibility, initiative, good judgment and discretion
‧ Understanding of Silicon wafer, Sapphire glass or substrate polishing
process knowledge. Hands on experience preferred.
‧ Knowledge of all pertinent lab metrology and procedures



How to Apply:
1. Please go to www.careersatdow.com for online enrollment.  Job code: 1411580
2. Send your resume to jessicawu@dow.com

