
作者hayatoman (小小的改變是,成功的開始)看板Tech_Job標題[新聞] 路透社: HTC將進行大裁員時間Fri Aug  7 08:46:26 2015
來源:
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/08/06/htc-outlook-idUSL3N10H1ZE20150806


HTC CFO張嘉林告訴路透社：「裁員將在全公司進行，規模很大。」

他還說，從現在到明年第一季度，HTC會不斷採取措施降低成本，但他拒絕
透露更多細節，看樣子要大規模重組。

作為智慧手機鼻祖的HTC，近幾年因為內外各種原因節節敗退，市場份額丟
失了51％，高階無法抵擋蘋果和三星，低階不重視又被中國手機廠商壓得喘
不過氣來。

張嘉林稱，HTC寄希望於在印度等發展中手機市場推銷高階機型，並稱該公司
在200-400美元價位市場上擁有20％的份額。


Taiwan's HTC says to cut jobs, smartphone models to revive sales

Aug 6 Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC Corp said it would cut jobs and
discontinue models as part of its strategy to focus on high-end devices to
better compete with the likes of Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics.

"The cuts will be across the board," Chief Financial Officer Chialin Chang
told reporters after HTC reported a second-quarter loss and forecast another
for the third-quarter. "They will be significant."

Chang said the cost reductions would extend to the first quarter of next
year, but declined to give further details.

A pioneer in early smartphones, HTC has been dismissed by industry watchers
as confused, unoriginal and uncompetitive.

The company has been losing market share over the past few years, hit by
intense competition at the high-end of the market from the likes of Apple and
Samsung Electronics while budget Chinese rivals have also eclipsed its
low-cost offerings.

HTC shares have fallen 51 percent so far this year. The stock closed 1.69
percent lower before the results were announced.

Chang said HTC was banking on selling high-end models in emerging smartphone
markets such as India, where he said the company has a 20 percent market
share of phones priced between $250-$400.

Analysts, however, are less optimistic, saying HTC is likely to continue to
struggle for the next four quarters at least.

"We believe HTC will keep losing share in the smartphone market and will keep
losing money," analyst Calvin Huang with Taiwan's SinoPac Securities wrote in
a recent research note. ($1 = 31.6490 Taiwan dollars) (Editing by Miral Fahmy)

