
作者normanshi (原則就是原則)看板Tech_Job標題[新聞] 周永明的信加我的譯文加心得時間Sat Aug 18 00:57:06 2012
譯文為求通順將適時潤飾，小弟並非外文系也不是專業翻譯，只是個小RD，翻譯只是方便
大家瞭解他講了什麼。

以下為周永明的信和譯文:

I would like to take this opportunity to share with you the situation and my
thought regarding recent progress and challenges of htc.
我要藉由這次機會來和大家分享目前的情況和對目前htc的情況和挑戰的看法。
You had probably heard of our announcement of q3 outlook which is definitely
disappointing.
你大概已經聽說我們對第三季展望那份令人失望的聲明。
Yes, of course we are disappointed that our sales are down while smartphone
market share is growing.
是的，當然我們也對我們的銷售下降而智慧型手機市場卻成長的情況感到失望。


I think there are multiple reasons for the challenges we are facing today.
我想對於當前我們面臨的挑戰有諸多原因。

The franchised Brands are playing a major role today. Htc has not built a
franchised brand until HTC One.
今天品牌扮演著一個重要角色。 Htc直到HTC One前並為營造一個品牌。
It requires sometime to build a successful brand. HTC One is a very strong
product which is well recognized.
要經營出一個成功的品牌需要一些時間。 HTC One是個非常棒也有識別度的產品。
However the mass awareness was not big enough. While building HTC one
franchised Brand is the right
然而群眾魅力卻不足。 然而HTC one品牌是正確的方向，
direction, we still need to continue to improve the awareness of the Brand
and drive greater consumer demand and preference.
我們仍需繼續改進品牌聚焦性並且滿足消費者的需求和喜好。

There are multiple areas we need to be improving. Traditionally htc depended
on products a lot. We have
有許多區域我們必須改進。 傳統上htc非常依賴產品。
leading products and they have helped us in the market to get to where we are
today.
我們有許多領先產品而且這些產品也幫助我們到達今天的地位。

However when market changed, competitors strategies changed and when they
became better the product gap
然而當市場改變，競爭者策略改變而且當他們變成更好，產品的界線變得更窄。
became narrower. Our competitors can leverage their scale, brand awareness
and big marketing budget to do
我們的競爭者可以利用他們的規模、品牌意識和更大的行銷預算
things which htc could not do.
來做htc做不到的事。

There are always room for us to be improving, e.g. products, quality,
holistics readiness of product, marketing,
總有些空間我們可以改進，像是產品、品質、產品的整體完備性、行銷、出售、零售等
sales, retail, etc. We have identified those areas and  have plans to improve
 them. We have recently optimized
我們已經識別出那些區域並準備改進它們。 我們最近已經對一些組織進行調整來確保我
們有新的方式來進行這些改進。
some organization to ensure that we have new way of working on them. To
ensure we can focus on  making
確保我們可以專注在讓我們的好點子更棒。
our big ideas bigger. To ensure our holistic readiness is there when we go to
market.
確保我們投入市場時達到整體完備性 。


We also need to improve our communication. Htc used to be a company where we
did things quick and reacted
我們同時必須改善溝通。 Htc曾是間直行和反應快速的公司。
quick. However the fast growth from the last 2 years has slowed us down. We
have people in meeting and
然而，過去兩年間快速的成長已讓我們速度變慢。 我們有許多人無時無刻在開會和討論
但卻沒有訂下結論、
talking all the time but without decision, strategic direction or sense of
urgency. Bureaucracy crept in without
策略方向或意識到緊急性。官僚在沒有自主時悄悄潛入。
clear ownership. We agreed to do something but we either didn’t do it or
executed it loosely.
我們同意去做某些事，但是我們不是沒做就是執行鬆散。

That’s what happened to us. Market changed and we also have our own issues.
 這就是發生在我們身上的事。 市場變了而我們也有自己的問題。

However I have strong confidence in HTC. Our origin and culture are still
there. We have great people and they
但我對HTC有很大的信心。 我們的根本和文化仍在這。 我們有許多傑出的人而且他們仍
在為htc貢獻。
are still there very committed to htc. We have the best products as
recognized by the One X having the
我們有最棒的產品One X被認為擁有業界最棒等級。
industry’s best rating. In addition, our product pipeline is very strong and
I am super excited about the new
此外，我們產品的管線非常強，而且我個人對於我們目前在今年稍後和明年初將到來的新
產品非常興奮。
products we are working on for later this year and early next year. Htc’s
design, innovation and technologies
Htc的設計、創新和技術是世界最頂級之一。
are one of the tops in the world. We have excellent customer relationship
which is invaluable. We have reacted
我們有非常棒的客戶關係這是無價的。 我們正快速地反應來修復我們主要的問題。
quick in  fixing our major issues. We are coming back soon; we are one of the
top three worldwide major
我們很快會回來。
smartphone brands with tremendous respect from the industry.
我們是倍受業界尊敬的世界三大主要智慧型手機品牌之一。

I want to take this opportunity to thank you and your family as well for
their support to you and to htc. I want to
我要藉這次機會謝謝你和你的家人和他們對你和htc的支持。我要謝謝你、你的努力和貢
獻。
thank you for your hard work and contribution. You are the people who make me
feel very proud of HTC.
 你是那些讓我為HTC感到驕傲的人。

You have every reason to remain confident. Do not be influenced by noises
from market and industry. We really
你有任何理由感到自信。 不要被市場和業界的雜音給干擾。
are the strong player in the market and we are just having short term
challenges. But short term challenges
我們確實是市場上的高手，我們目前只是面臨短期的挑戰。 但短期的挑戰沒問題。
are fine. We are still very strong and financially healthy. The most
important thing is what we do to solve the
我們仍強大而且財務健全。 最重要的事我們如何解決問題。
problem. Our own action matters. The way we behave matters. Please make sure
that we kill bureaucracy.
我們的行動很重要。 我們如何回應很重要。 請確保我們剷除官僚。

Make sure we are doing the right thing quick and make it works. We
communicate with clear goals and targets
確保我們快速地做正確的事而且讓它成功。 我們勾勒出清楚的目標和標的並且完成它。
and make it happen. For example, after meeting we say we want to prioritize
to achieve A,B,C and we want to
例如，會後我們說要優先完成A,B,C而且我們要在一星期內完成。
get this done within one week. If there is concern and conflict we should
immediately talk and agree upon the
如果有任何疑慮和衝突，我們必須立刻討論並且達成一致的目標和標的。
goals and target. We need to prevent that yeh, yeh we are looking into that,
we are working on that without
我們必須防止深入那些不明點，那些我們花精力卻沒有明確標的的點。
clear target. Of course you can say I need 2 days to confirm it and that’s
fine. But make sure you confirm it
當然你可以說我要兩天來確認它，這樣是沒問題的。 但確保你在未來兩天內完成確認。
within the next 2 days.


When we are working on something we need to have a clear sense of what  the
most important items and
當我們在執行某些事時，我們必須要清楚的意識到什麼事最重要的項目和關鍵的特色，
hero features are, and make sure we have high confidence to get those
priorities done instead of everything is
並確保我們有很大的自信來完成那些優先項目而不是所有項目一視同仁。
everything. Don’t let the processes, rules and norms to impact our important
goals. Of course we have to follow
不要讓過程、規則和規範來影響我們的重要目標。 當然我們必須遵守某些規則和條件
certain rules and criteria but don’t let small things kill the major goals.
Again make sure we have big things in
但不要讓小事物阻礙了主要目標。 在次說明，確保我們專心在重點上。
mind.  Stay firm with the hero innovations and make them even bigger and
deliver them.We are coming back.
專注在那些關鍵創新，確保它們更棒而且完成他們。  我們將會回來。

心得:
從前從前有間公司叫做HTC...

