
作者billandcs (信義比爾蘇)看板Tech_Job標題[新聞]Yahoo is 'most likely' to be sold in th時間Fri Dec 11 09:05:24 2015
http://goo.gl/oua7Hv

Yahoo is 'most likely' to be sold in the next 6 months, says the most
accurate Yahoo analyst in the world

The most likely outcome for Yahoo is a sale, SunTrust analyst Robert Peck
says.

Peck has been the leading analyst on the Yahoo story. He was first to suggest
that Marissa Mayer was in trouble, warning that investors were wary of her
plan to spin out Alibaba shares. He was first to say Yahoo was likely to
pause the spinout of its stake in the Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba.

Peck knows what's going on, and so when he says something, people should
listen.

On Wednesday, Yahoo announced that it would not spin out Alibaba and would
instead spin out its internet businesses.

On a call with analysts, Yahoo chairman Maynard Webb said, "There is no
determination by the board to sell the company or any part of it."

Webb said he thought that Yahoo was undervalued and that the company's focus
would be on revitalizing the company and getting investors to properly value
the company.

He also said, however, "The board has fiduciary obligation to engage with any
legitimate person that comes forward with a good offer."

Peck believes that's more likely to happen. He says a strategic buyer like
Verizon or a private-equity firm is likely to step in and buy Yahoo, as
opposed to Yahoo trying to figure out how to spin out its internet business.

"Given the simplicity and speed of a sale and the lack of a desire by
investors to undergo a year-long spin process, we think a sale of the core or
entire company is most likely," Peck writes.

He believes a sale happens in the first half of 2016 because investors are
impatient, the core business isn't getting better, and the board wants to
avoid a proxy war with shareholders.

What is Yahoo's core business worth? Peck says $6 billion to $8 billion,
which is five times a projected Ebitda (a financial term that gives a view of
the operating profit of a business).



YAHOO 究竟會不會賣出呢?!?!  梅姐才剛生了雙胞胎阿....

