
作者IMPOSSIBLEr (高級外勞)看板Tech_Job標題Fw: [北美] Oracle  HQ - A college-hire QA position available時間Sat Oct 12 02:14:00 2013
※ [本文轉錄自 Oversea_Job 看板 #1ILQblZF ]

作者: IMPOSSIBLEr (高級外勞) 看板: Oversea_Job
標題: [北美] Oracle  HQ - A college-hire QA position available
時間: Thu Oct 10 03:07:24 2013

This posting will expire on Monday 10/14 because I will pass the resumes
to my manager on Monday PDT time.

Hi folks,

My team at Oracle HQ has a college-hire head count available.
This position is in integration testing QA. Integration testing is the last stage for Oracle product to go into production and we test the interconnectivity among all Oracle products as well as the infrastructure lifecycle management.
If you meet the following requirements and are interested in the position, please send your latest resume to me and I will pass it over to my manager.

1. Graduated or going to graduate from US university with computer science related major.
2. You are in the states now. Actually I'm not sure if this is required or not. If you do possess a US diploma but are now in Taiwan, you can still try. But I think we would like you to have an onsite interview though.
3. Able to read this post without looking for your dictionary

Responsibility:
1. Provision, maintain, debug and patch integration testing environments.
2. Develop test plan, test spec for a given project.
3. Provide assistance to production zone.
4. And etc.


Suggested skills: since this position is for my team, I suggest you possess following skills or expertise:
1. Unix/Linux administration
You should be comfortable working on Unix/Linux platform and familiar with CLI.
2. Scripting language proficiency. Shell, python, perl, and etc.
3. Basic understanding of OO and Java. No need to be an expert.
4. Basic understanding of JVM.

Working Location: Oracle HQ @ Redwood Shores, CA

Perks:
1. Salary should be around $110,000 USD/year, most likely should be higher than $110,000.
2. Health insurance, dental and vision
3. Semi-private cube
4. Flexible working hours, especially in my team, shh...
5. H1B should not be a problem. I heard that one can start green card proceeds after 6 months, but I think this is basically depends on how is your relationship with your manager. And also depends on whether GC is frozen. But both H1B and GC should be available.

Please Ask me if you want to know anything else. And I apologize if there is any typo because I'm typing on my iphone...

Please send your resume in PDF format to evan.chu@oracle.com

I look forward to hearing from you~~


