
作者mmkntust (老王廚房)看板Tech_Job標題Fw: [新聞] 美國政府對中國ZTE公司下貿易制裁時間Tue Mar 15 16:30:59 2016
※ [本文轉錄自 Gossiping 看板 #1MvxIMLD ]

作者: phaq (廢客) 看板: Gossiping
標題: [新聞] 美國政府對中國ZTE公司下貿易制裁
時間: Tue Mar 15 15:06:55 2016

1.媒體來源:
華爾街日報


2.完整新聞標題:
U.S. to Place Trade Restrictions on China’s ZTE
聯邦政府對中國的中興公司下貿易制裁

3.完整新聞內文:
U.S. to Place Trade Restrictions on China’s ZTE
New restrictions will make it difficult for ZTE to buy components, software
from U.S. suppliers
Visitors test smartphones at ZTE's stand during the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona in February. ENLARGE
Visitors test smartphones at ZTE's stand during the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona in February. PHOTO: AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE/GETTY IMAGES
By JURO OSAWA in Hong Kong and  EVA DOU in Beijing
Updated March 7, 2016 5:02 a.m. ET
22 COMMENTS
The Commerce Department slapped trade restrictions on Chinese
telecommunications supplier ZTE Corp., alleging it violated U.S. technology
restrictions on Iran, a move expected to fuel tensions between China and the
U.S.

因為ZTE 賣東西給伊朗，違反國美的國家政策

The Commerce Department said ZTE acted “contrary to the national security
and foreign policy interests of the United States” in a ruling expected to
be published Tuesday. The decision will hinder the company’s ability to buy
U.S. components and software.

Authorities allege ZTE broke export rules by supplying Iran with U.S.-made
high-tech goods and said they uncovered plans by ZTE to use a series of shell
companies “to illicitly reexport controlled items to Iran in violation of
U.S. export control laws.”

The company is a major global supplier of telecom-networking equipment such
as cellphone base stations and antennas, and is also the only Chinese
smartphone brand with substantial handset sales in the U.S. Its global sales
last year were about $15.5 billion.

中興一年大概在美國有15.5億美金生意

ZTE said in a statement that it adheres to laws and regulations wherever it
operates. “ZTE has been cooperating, will continue to cooperate and
communicate with all U.S. agencies as required. The company is working
expeditiously towards resolution of this issue,” it added.

Advertisement

The Shenzhen, China-based company’s Hong Kong-listed shares were suspended
from trading on Monday after Reuters reported U.S. restrictions on ZTE would
take effect on Tuesday. Analysts said the restrictions could severely hurt
the company’s handset and telecom-equipment businesses.

The restrictions essentially will bar U.S. companies from supplying ZTE with
an array of restricted goods, including computers, software and
telecommunications equipment.

U.S. companies could apply for a license to sell such goods to ZTE but the
Commerce Department said it is operating under a “policy of presumption of
denial,” indicating it has no plans to issue licenses.

The license requirements apply to a transaction where the products would be
proposed for “export, re-export, or transfer” within the U.S.

Analysts say the restrictions would have a major impact on ZTE’s business
given its dependence on component and software suppliers from the U.S. For
example, some of ZTE’s smartphones, particularly high-end models, use chips
from Qualcomm Inc. Intel Corp. and Broadcom Corp. also are ZTE suppliers.
Qualcomm, Intel and Broadcom declined to comment.

In the fourth quarter of 2015, ZTE was the fourth-largest smartphone vendor
in the U.S. with a 7% market share, behind Apple Inc., Samsung Electronics
Co. and LG Electronics Inc., according to research firm IDC.

ZTE手機大概有 7%市場

“This may cause significant supply problems to both ZTE’s equipment and
handset businesses,” Jefferies analyst Cynthia Meng wrote in a note to
clients on Monday.



4.完整新聞連結 (或短網址):
http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-plans-to-place-restrictions-on-zte-1457337207


5.備註:

美國下令美商跟經銷商，全部不可以賣東西給中興 ZTE
包括CPU、晶片、軟體、電腦、全部不可以跟他做生意.....

ZTE 死定了

下一個目標應該是華為..

重返農藥




