
作者WMV (時間！很重要～～～)看板Tech_Job標題Fw: [新聞] CNN報導台灣的過勞文化時間Wed Oct 10 01:19:27 2012
※ [本文轉錄自 Gossiping 看板 #1GT5mtLA ]

作者: rin0sin (123) 看板: Gossiping
標題: [新聞] CNN報導台灣的過勞文化
時間: Wed Oct 10 01:17:41 2012

1.完整新聞標題/內文:

The dangers of overwork  - CNN.com Video


Employees in Taiwan work some of the longest hours in the world. CNN's Paula
Hancocks reports on the culture of overwork.

在台灣工作的員工是世界上時間最長的。 
CNN的保漢考克斯報告過勞文化。
(以下是用google翻譯+一些修飾，如有錯誤請多包涵)

(CNN) For the past six years, Guo Chi-mei has struggled to get out of bed on
his own. The 40-year-old suffered a stroke in 2006 and can only take a few
unaided steps to his wheelchair before his blood pressure rises to a
dangerous level.
在過去的六年裡，郭智美一直在努力擺脫自己的床。40歲的他在2006年遭受了中風，只能
採取一些獨立的步驟，以他的輪椅前，他的血壓升高到危險的程度。

Last year the government ruled that the stroke was because of overwork but
his company is legally challenging the decision.
去年，政府裁定，中風是因為過度勞累，但他的公司卻可以合法的決定提出質疑。

“The last six months before my stroke, I was working 18 hours a day and
sleeping just four,” says Guo. His company had claimed $50,000 was missing
from the account he was handling, and allege stealing. Guo denies the
accusation and before his stroke was working overtime to investigate the
missing money.
"我的中風前的最後6個月前，我每天工作18個小時，睡覺只有四小時"郭說。他的公司
曾聲稱50,000元，從他的帳戶處理失踪，並聲稱他偷的。郭否認這一指控，並在他中風前
超時工作，調查了丟失的錢。

“Just after 8am one day, I suddenly passed out. My colleagues carried me to
a meeting room and left me there,” says Guo.
[後天上午8時，我突然不省人事的。我的同事帶我到一間會議室，把我留在那。]郭說

“The company waited three hours before they took me to the hospital, by the
time I got there I had heavy bleeding on my brain and doctors said my
condition had become so bad it was inoperable.”
“該公司等待了三個小時，才帶我去醫院，我到了那裡，我有我的大腦和大量出血，醫生
說我的病情已經變得如此糟糕，是不適合做手術的 。”

Guo’s case is sadly not unique and some cases of overwork in Taiwan have
even been fatal. In 2011, 50 workers’ deaths were blamed on excessive
working hours, according to Taiwan’s Council of Labor Affairs (CLA).
郭的情況可惜並不是唯一的，和過度勞累台灣某些情況下甚至是致命的。
2011年，50名工人的死亡被歸咎於工作時間過長，根據台灣行政院勞工委員會（CLA）

Hard work has long been ingrained in Taiwanese society, but only recently
have officials begun to acknowledge that overwork exists.
辛勤工作，長期在台灣社會已經根深蒂固，但直到最近官員才開始認識到，過度勞累的
存在。

By law workers are not allowed to do more than 46 hours of overtime each
month and companies are fined for violating these rules.
根據法律規定工人不允許做超過46個小時，每月加班和公司對於違反這些規則會被罰款。

The annual working hours for Taiwanese employees eclipses many industrialized
nations, according to figures from the Council of Labor Affairs (CLA) and the
OECD. On average, the Taiwanese work 2,200 hours annually; 20% more than
their counterparts in the United States or Japan and more than 35% longer
than those in Germany.
台灣員工每年工作時間相較之下使許多工業化國家黯然失色，根據行政院勞工委員會CLA
和經濟合作與發展組織的數據。平均而言，台灣每年工作2200小時，比他們的同行在美國
和日本多出20%，比德國超過35％的時間。

Earlier this year healthcare professionals took to the streets to protest
what they call a sweatshop health system claiming overwork puts their
patients in danger.
今年早些時候，醫療保健專業人士走上街頭，抗議他們所謂的血汗工廠衛生系統，聲稱過
度勞累使他們的患者處於危險中。

The government of Taiwan has reacted to a growing public outcry over the
dangers of overwork and is trying to improve the work culture in the country,
subsidizing health facilities specializing in occupational health.
台灣政府反應的危險，勞累過度越來越多的公眾強烈抗議，並試圖改善國家的工作文化，
衛生設施，專門從事職業健康補貼。

Dr. Guo Yue-Leon holds a free open clinic every Wednesday morning in Taipei’
s biggest public hospital specifically for occupational disease. He has
noticed a marked increase in patients.
郭躍 - 萊昂博士在一個自由開放的的診所工作，每週三上午在台北最大的公立醫院專門
為職業病做治療。他已經注意到患者明顯增加。

“Not because the number are increasing,” he says, “but the people are more
recognizing the condition so those who have a heart attack or a stroke, he or
she realizes that working too hard might have caused the problem.”
“不是因為數量都在增加，”他說，“但人們更了解到那些有心髒病發作或中風的人的情
況，他或她意識到，工作太辛苦，也可能導致問題。”

2.新聞連結:

http://business.blogs.cnn.com/2012/10/02/battling-taiwans-culture-of-overwork/
點開有影片可以看

