
作者billandcs (CS神棍)看板Tech_Job標題Re: [請益] 想去SpaceX工作需要加強哪方面能力?時間Thu Jan 14 11:20:20 2016
※ 引述《S56655665566 (頂級五六強化三核心!!)》之銘言：
: 大家好
: 前陣子看到癮科技分享了SpaceX Falcon9火箭成功回收
: 覺得很感動QQ
: 小弟現在是公立大學化學系
: 加強數學能力去物理碩或電機碩有可能嗎?
: 還是需要去ARRC前瞻火箭研究中心磨一下....
: 我是認真的
: 先謝過回覆的大大
: PS.員工配車會不會是特斯拉啊?

https://goo.gl/8KN8dj

Dolly Singh, Former Head of Talent Acquisiton at SpaceX

I ran recruiting at SpaceX for almost 6 years; everything about how they
recruit is part of the footprint myself and my team created - so hopefully
you'll find this input helpful, though it will only magnify the challenge
that lies before you.

SpaceX aggressively pursues top collegiate talent; but because the hiring bar
(mandate per Elon) is top 1% of the human population - we focus on top ranked
engineering programs because their strict acceptance requirements are a good
prefilter and remove 90% of the bell curve, thereby automatically bringing us
to about top 10% of the college population; making our haystack much smaller
and thus easier to find the proverbial needles.

Once within the top program populations we again filter aggressively based on:

1. Hands on hardware/software development exp - i.e. What problems have you
actually encountered and solved?

2. Experience with engineering competitions, and placement in top positions/
brackets at those competitions

3. GPA/ SAT - other hard scores

4. Drive/ Grit

The reality is that SpaceX makes some of the most magnificent machines on the
planet (and beyond - yes, pun intended :).  So the worlds best engineers want
to work there. That paired with what I've already stated means there is both
an ability and a necessity to only hire people after they have in some way
demonstrated themselves to be truly exceptional.

So - again, do not underestimate the challenge that lies before you.

That said- where there is a will, there is a way.

Here are some things which you can consider:

One exposure/ access point for SpaceX that is outside of the top schools is
the FSAE competition in Michigan each year.  FSAE draws teams from many
different schools, and the teams basically design and build a race car from
scratch.

It's an amazing event; and SpaceX uses the event to pick up some of the best
gearheads in the country.  More than anything else, mechanical engineers are
recruited from this event for the structures design team.

The focus is usually on vehicle chief engineers from winning teams, as they
tend to be the best engineer on each team- but we have found talented people
in a variety of roles within the teams.

If your school has an FSAE team - join it; if it doesn't, try to start one.

You need to spend as much time as possible building real things- all schools
have teams/clubs of some sort.  Look for learning opportunities in robotics,
mechatronics, rocket clubs, or others.

Additionally, you mentioned an interest in propulsion; without a
sophisticated rocket propulsion lab (like the one that Purdue has) it's
nearly impossible to compete with the guys in this department.  If your
school lacks these kinds of resources, and you can't find them/ access them
within your vicinity - I'd suggest focusing on structural design or other
aspects of mechanical engineering.  Figure out what your school is good at,
maybe track down the best professor, and see if you can align that with your
interests.

Another suggestion would be to become a mentor for US FIRST Robotics; it's an
organization  the engineering community respects and another opportunity to
actually build systems with requirements.

The good thing is you're being smart enough to ask questions; so keep doing
that.

And spend the next 4 years trying to do everything you can to demonstrate you
are an exceptional engineer and then when you apply don't include just a
resume; add pictures/portfolio or videos or your work, get reference letters,
etc.

Your application needs to catch the attention of recruiters who are looking
for MIT 5.0's - it needs to shine through the Ivy League flood of
applications.

But if you have videos of badass projects you have built - you CAN shine
through.

If you don't shine through in year one, apply for internships at other cool
companies; getting other good brands on your resume will help you.  So try
each year but also apply elsewhere so if you don't make it you're still
continuing  to build your track record so you can eventually stake your claim
in the 1%.

In terms of teaching yourself- YES!  You need to devour everything having to
do with building hardware for space.  Remember Elon taught himself rocket
science from books.

Finally, reach out to people within your network who can introduce you to
engineers who work there today- developing personal connections which can
today provide advice and may someday be able to provide a personal reference
gives you the best shortcut through the noise.  SpaceX like most tech
companies loves employee referrals.

Good luck!

